Tools developed to convert and simplify dhis2 coordinates to gml.

- d2_geojson_downloader

How works:

The tool downloads the geojson of all the given org units paths from dhis2 using the parent uid, the level and uid due to restrictions from the dhis2 api.
The levels, the parent, and the uid of the org unit to download are extracted from the path.
We need provide a .csv file only with the paths in each line.

How to use:
Add a list of paths in a file in .csv format in the input folder.
Edit the config.json file with the user password and url.
Run.
Get the geojson files from output folder.


- geojson2gml

Requirements:
Mapshaper.
Info:
https://hub.docker.com/r/freifunkhamm/mapshaper
https://github.com/mbloch/mapshaper
https://github.com/mbloch/mapshaper/wiki/Introduction-to-the-Command-Line-Tool
example: mapshaper -i sampleData/hamm.geojson -quiet -simplify percentage=10% -o sampleData/hamm_lowResolution.geojson -keep-shapes 

Ogr2ogr
https://gdal.org/download.html

How works:

Its purpose is to execute all the commands to obtain the simplified geojson in dhis2 gml format, avoiding doing it by hand.

The script simplifies the coordinates of the given geojson to 50%, and converts the result to a shape file.
In a next step, convert the shape files into gml files.
In a next step, replace ogr: id with ogr: uid to make it work on dhis2.

How to use:
Move the geojson generated by geojson2ddownloader into the input folder and run.

You can get the generated shapefiles in the shapefiles folder

You can get the generated gml in the output folder.
The one prepared for import as gml in dhis2 will be called dhis2 + file name

- standarderivation

Script to calculate the standard derivation of given list of org units coordinates lenght

